README.md, before:

## Subnautica Mods by Deathtruth

https://www.nexusmods.com/users/322152?tab=user+files

# Adjustable Fire Extinguisher
- Allows you to adjust the output of the fire extinguisher
- Useful for getting to the surface quickly and escaping agressive creatures
- Generally fun to scoot around with when the regulator is set to max!
- Fixes vanilla bug where fire extinguishers never show 0% fuel
- Configurable adjustment hotkey and ability to mute the sound played when changing your release pressure (Default is F, with vanilla output force of 5 units)
- Supports Version Checker by Tobey Blaber

This is my first subnautica mod so please give me feedback!

# No Rebreather Sounds
- Removes the annoying/frightening distant horn sound which comes from the player's rebreather.

Here is a video of the sound:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8faf48DYUck

This mod removes it.

# Silent Walking
- Mod options allow you to enable/disable walking sounds your character makes when walking on metal (inside habitats) on land and on Precursor surfaces. 
- Options can be changed in game at any time using the mod config menu. No restart required.

# Silent Base Ambience
Mute/unmute the following sounds via the ingame menu/config file:

- Scanner room ambient background music
- Generic "indoor sounds" you hear in the habitat
- Water filtration machine running sound
- Background biome ambience sounds while inside the habitat (Useful when you mute the "indoor sounds" as these become much louder and more prominent)

# Silent Eating
This mod will allow you to change the eating sound in the mod menu if you prefer, otherwise you can choose no sound at all.

Commit message:

Updated SilentBaseAmbience to version 1.2.0
Added 2 new options in menu to control the indoor and outdoor volume of Reefback sounds

README.md, after:

## Subnautica Mods by Deathtruth

https://www.nexusmods.com/users/322152?tab=user+files

# Adjustable Fire Extinguisher
- Allows you to adjust the output of the fire extinguisher
- Useful for getting to the surface quickly and escaping agressive creatures
- Generally fun to scoot around with when the regulator is set to max!
- Fixes vanilla bug where fire extinguishers never show 0% fuel
- Configurable adjustment hotkey and ability to mute the sound played when changing your release pressure (Default is F, with vanilla output force of 5 units)
- Supports Version Checker by Tobey Blaber

This is my first subnautica mod so please give me feedback!

# No Rebreather Sounds
- Removes the annoying/frightening distant horn sound which comes from the player's breathing apparatus.

Here is a video of the sound:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8faf48DYUck

This mod removes it.

# Silent Walking
- Mod options allow you to enable/disable walking sounds your character makes when walking on metal (inside habitats) on land and on Precursor surfaces. 
- Options can be changed in game at any time using the mod config menu. No restart required.

# Silent Base Ambience
Mute/unmute the following sounds via the ingame menu/config file:

- Scanner room ambient background music
- Generic "indoor sounds" you hear in the habitat
- Water filtration machine running sound
- Background biome ambience sounds while inside the habitat (Useful when you mute the "indoor sounds" as these become much louder and more prominent)
- Reefback sounds (slider options to individually control the volume when indoors and outdoors)

# Silent Eating
This mod will allow you to change the eating sound in the mod menu if you prefer, otherwise you can choose no sound at all.
